Homepage widgets now persist state when adding, removing, and clearing (#34737)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/three-yaks-write.md

---
'@backstage/frontend-app-api': patch
'@backstage/plugin-home': patch
---

> fix(home): persist widget state on add, remove and clear all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated to persist widget state on add, remove, and clear all
```

This should be a nice human oriented message. Not a conventional commit.
